Replace Makefile with neuro-flow (#3)
neuro-inc/ml-recipe-hyperparam-wandb: README.md

In this project, we show how you can quickly run a parallel hyperparameter tuning using the [Neu.ro](https://neu.ro/platform/) platform. As a benchmark, we solve a simple task of classifying images 
from [CIFAR10](https://www.cs.toronto.edu/~kriz/cifar.html) dataset.

## Used technologies

* [Catalyst](https://github.com/catalyst-team/catalyst) as a pipeline runner for deep learning tasks. This new and rapidly developing library can significantly reduce the amount of boilerplate code. If you are familiar with the TensorFlow ecosystem, you can think of Catalyst as Keras for PyTorch.
* [Weights & biases](https://www.wandb.com/) as hyperparameter tuning backend and logging system.

## Steps to run

* `neuro-flow build myimage` - Before we start doing something, we have to run the command, which prepares a Docker container with all the necessary dependencies.
* Installing `W&B` and configuring its credentials (see our [guide](https://docs.neu.ro/toolbox/experiment-tracking-with-weights-and-biases#authenticating-w-and-b)).

> * `neuro-flow bake hypertrain --param token $(cat ~/$WANDB_SECRET_FILE)`- Run 2 jobs on our platform
> (number of jobs can be specified in `.neuro/hypertrain.yml`). Additional parameters of tuning you can set in `config/wandb-sweep.yaml` file; see [W&B documentation about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `neuro-flow bake hypertrain --param token $(cat ~/$WANDB_SECRET_FILE)`- Run distributed hyperparameter tuning with 2 parallel training jobs on the platform 
(number of jobs can be specified in `.neuro/hypertrain.yml`). Additional parameters of tuning you can set in `config/wandb-sweep.yaml` file; see [W&B documentation about
```
